Hou Jue Ling didn't follow me,
Does this mean I can finally leave?
So I'm finally free to go?
How did you lose her?
I waited for him at every restroom in the city,
but he vanished right under my nose.
Who knew he disappeared
right under my nose.
It seems your brother met
his match this time.
Sir, sir, sir.
Sir, Miss D has boarded the flight
to Bangkok,
and it took off ten minutes ago.
Also, Miss D messaged
her father twenty minutes ago.
Her father will meet her
at the Bangkok airport.
Sir, I found something
else.
Yes?
When Miss D was at the restaurant,
a girl gave her
something.
I checked every restaurant in the city,
but no one contacted her.
What did the girl give her?
That girl bought a bottle of water
at a nearby pharmacy,
and a box of birth control pills.
Did she take them?